post on first Lean release (#69)
leanprover-community/blog: posts/first-lean-release.md

---
author: 'Scott Morrison'
category: 'announcement'

> date: 2023-08-29 16:30:00 UTC+02:00

Reviewer: Are you now in europe? Or was this written in Leiden?

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2023-09-08 15:58:40 UTC+10:00
```

> description: 'The first official release of Lean 4, and our plan for regular releases.'

Reviewer: Is "our" correct here? Is this a lean-community plan or a lean FRO plan?

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'The first official release of Lean 4, and plans for regular releases.'
```

has_math: true
link: ''
slug: first-lean-release
tags: ''
title: The first official release of Lean 4
type: text
---

Lean 4 has just made its first official stable release, with the arrival of [`v4.0.0`](https://github.com/leanprover/lean4/releases/tag/v4.0.0).
We're excited to begin the transition from only providing nightly releases towards having regular stable releases.

<!-- TEASER_END -->
## Why?

Currently most of the Lean ecosystem works with nightly releases,
and projects depending on branches (often `master` or `main`!),
rather than fixed versions of upstream dependencies.

As Lean matures into a significant programming language,
as well as an even better theorem prover for modern mathematics and software/hardware verification,
the ecosystem will grow.
We want to make sure that everyone can find compatible versions of libraries,
and that everything **just works**.

It's a long road to get there,

> but the Lean Focused Research Organization intends to dedicate resources

Reviewer: A link to leanFRO's website would be good here

Author: Done!
